#Hello Dolly, I try to add  comment in the branch 'commitBranch'

Part 1
Module Structure;
	DevOps RElevance and challenges
	What is DevOps
	DevOps way 
	people perspective
	Process Perspective
	Agile and DevOps
	DevOps Tools 
	DevOps Life Cycle
	Maturity Matrix
	Myths in DevOPs


Part 2
Ansible Inventory
To add aserver with Ip and Username
	centclient

Ansible Modules
Ansible provides a module library having extensive set of modules which can be directly executed on remote hosts or using playbooks written in YAML fromat

Modules can also be costomize or added by users.These modulse can be used to install packages, start serviece, create files and  folders.

Each module is assodciated with arguments. Arguments allow for customixation of use of modules for specirfic requrement(s).


Ansible Playbooks 
Ansible activivties are scripte in the form of playbook'.
These are used for configuration management, deplyment and orchestration purpose
playbooks descirbe the way the desired sat can be created on remote systems.
Playbook provide teh desin, plan, using modules as tools.
playobboks help sequencing multiptire rollouts involving rolling updates 
playbooks can interact with monitoring servers and load balanceers and based on thier inormation can delegate actions on other hosts
palybook sare human-redable and are devlope using YAML syntax.
playbooks are more powerful and provede a modular way to get desired sate.
playbooks are written using YAML format. They use minimum of suntax and avoid the complexity of programming language or script.
Playbooks provides a list of plays to achieve the desired state 
Each play map a goup of hos t with specific roles.
Roles are built with Anasible modules called tasks.


Ansible tasks
tasks are executed in he order they are provided i the playbook
once pushed tasks are executed conurrently on all cmachines matchin of task s to machines is done by playbook;
If any of the tasks sare failed on particular host , then reast of hte tasks son the same hos will not be executed. 
Each task executed a modele associated with specifi arguments. 
Each odule work to bring the system to the desired state.
if the playbooks runs multiple times, it may not make any change unless required to brint the maching to desired state.





